Add a chapter about available reading material (#37)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/reading_material/_index.en.md

## Conference presentations

1. KubeCon China 2019 [slides](https://static.sched.com/hosted_files/kccncosschn19eng/6b/Hybrid%20Cloud%20and%20Multi-Cluster%20Service%20Connectivity.pdf) and [video recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uU4PSBLrpi8&list=PLj6h78yzYM2Njj5PvNc4Mtcril2YyR95d)
2. KubeCon North America 2019 [slides](https://static.sched.com/hosted_files/kccncna19/7d/Submariner%20Kubecon%20NA%202019%20%281%29.pdf) and [video recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMvuchSMCKU&list=PLj6h78yzYM2NDs-iu8WU5fMxINxHXlien)

## Demo recordings
1. [Deploying Submariner with subctl](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cInmBXuZsU8&t=17s)
2. [Connecting hybrid Kubernetes clusters using Submariner](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMhZRNn0fxQ)
3. [Cross-cluster service discovery in Submariner using Lighthouse](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXsemQPNhyQ)

## Blogs
1. [Kubernetes Multi-Cloud and Multi-Cluster Connectivity with Submariner](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/kubernetes-multi-cloud-multi-cluster-connectivity-gokul-chandra/?trk=related_artice_Kubernetes%20Multi-Cloud%20and%20Multi-Cluster%20Connectivity%20with%20Submariner_article-card_title)

> If you find any more presentations that are now listed here, please feel free to push a PR adding those videos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find additional material that isn't listed here, please feel free to add it to this page.
```

Reviewer 2: :+1:

Author: Done
